very good guys we are again in
minecraft to bring you a new way
for minecraft 17.2 called nou club
it works with because so do not forget
download it and install it and what it's going to
adjust is this block that I have in the
hand that is the block of grass that
Well, here sent in a certain way
so that the terrain is adjusted and at the same time
I mold it as we are going to leave our
down and let's see how here that
it is a good terrain not flat semi flat
well there is nothing cubic good the wall 6
kubica the mycelium is cubic but the
grass is not cubic as you see this
flat terrain but it has been formed from
certain way that it seems that it is not
I seem to be flying but if it is
bad because of course the block I have it
right here underneath this is a block
I'm going to do this again as you can see
is adjusting and if f1 is a block and
really the grass would end at the end
of this block but of course it ends up like
if it was at the end of the block
land that has just below so
so much
when we press efe 5 we will see how
if we were flying this is the only
failure to one of the few flaws that
I can find in this way that always
I like to teach the failures of the same
the benefits because I think it's worth it
so if we walk if we do not look
below and we do not press the f5 to check
that we are not flying because I think
which is pretty cool no good here
here you see the fact talking about it no no
it looks good but it looks very cool I think
there is enough water and that in the future
this mod can be pretty much better
you can adjust in other ways you can
do in other ways and may the
mod so be a little more realistic than
which is now so this will be guys
does not have anything else does not have any
character does not have anything that we have to
do simply put it and as mode
graphic that is to modify the style
of the earth as if it were a suhr greg
pack but without being and will be adjusted
this way then here the video ends
guys I hope you liked a
bunch if like that for being like and favorites
see you in the next video
see you later